when I started DJing this was back in
1988-89 20 years ago more or less
started because of my sisters I would
see my sisters go out to parties and
when it would come home late at night I
would always listen to them saying how
great the party wasn't how well believe
it was so it built my curiosity for my
aspect um I'd only be the Wasco DJ is
because I produced music and since I'm a
vision to be played it's best to that
play it first I remember before you know
I used to go to wreck the shop and spend
time they're spending for each record at
that time was like six seven dollars in
ports over you know ten fifteen twenty
dollars and and just taking the time of
going out there going by records and
socializing now it's to the point that
you know you can't find that wax you
can't find that track that you want you
just download it the the biggest change
and the music scene has been almost
everything it's been addition of new
outlets such as the internet actually
the different type of music software
that people can make music for the
prices of vinyl
you look at it I'm not trying to say is
a true DJ but to put it is if you look
at a 2 DG of working that wax I mean
he's turning the knobs he's moving that
pitch control he's cutting up the wax he
could take a record and slice it up
right there right in front of you and
you enjoy watching what he's doing I
mean you get in with the CBJ DJs and
these controllers and stuff it loses it
it gets it gets boring not letting the
new cat to come in all these kids are
watching these guys doing it they don't
see they don't see the excitement thanks
the original the original player from
the himalaya d ke Kula right now I pixel
stop calm sold our digital doc on
justin.tv enjoy the next set we had
passive speakers so that meant a whole
rack of amplifiers we had to carry
nowadays speakers are active built-in
amplifiers and you know I use
controllers now makes it easier for me
to get around I use the core pad and I
also use the tractor x1 back in the days
you have to just play two tracks now you
got the advance of editing the track
putting something that's old to
something that's new making it you know
something brand-new getting it getting
the crowd hype
swiftly moving beyond anything is evil
there's a scene in Mexico and it's
actually printed on a lot of records
that are printed in Mexico and that
phrase that is printed on the records on
every record that I've seen it says a
lease co escort do that the the records
our culture and it's a tangible it's
tangible music it's music you can grab
you can hold on to you can collect I'm
taking technology and actually it allows
me to be more expressive I can take the
music I can cut it up the way I want i
can sample it i can trigger it I can't
do that with the turntable i am using
analog digital in the same way but i
don't see it as analog versus digital I
see it more as compromising compromising
in the sense that you are on a turntable
well you're controlling a digital file
all of it is that the trackers and stuff
you can be a lot more laser with CDs and
wax you got the search and that's the
fun of it because then you can't i'll be
lazy right now I mean the market is open
to everybody it's open to everybody and
you can make the name for yourself just
like that the hip hop scene did it the
house heads have done it I mean it's
just open for everybody no it's just
there's too many DJ's out there a lot of
new DJ's that they basically makes for
free you know that kind of messes up the
market you got mixtapes like people
selling them at the stores for cheaper
value than what Oh for the that you
know a lot of clubs not respect to DJ
again Joe Schmo to come in before they
wanted that cat no no we want that ed
works that way now they they got to the
point of the audience is working this to
CD player
so hard and it's sad to say because you
know before in the 80s 90s you did a sec
and you they appreciate that city show
how hard you work I'm upset it's sad to
say it but djane has done commercial and
I mean you can take it as a good or a
bad thing because you know you're
showing people the form of what it's
supposed to but at the same time we go
back to what I was talking about which
teaching is supposed to be an art form
it's you know it's supposed to be just
like you're an artist that takes an art
form there is no program that's going to
show you how to innovate oppressed
Picasso out there you know it's just
it's something similar to that and I
think it need to go back to an
underground form it cannot be about Oh
money money money money well people that
are interested in music or djing they
see these what I call superstar djs and
they want to be like that person but
they don't have to love for the music so
I tell them you know what why don't you
download some software try it I go try
mixing for hours on the weekend increase
it to six let's see how long you can
last reason why masses in the mix became
so popular at night it was when I
invaded the situation the first thing I
told them I will not bring you a tape I
have to perform this lie
there's no other better way you got a
feeling that's the total IQ yeah vinyl
is just a part of minions it's a
collection of memories every vinyl that
I have that I bought in my in the past
I've represents a certain time helps me
remember certain time on my life is
something that has happened and every
time I play them I'm turned on the
turntable just brings me back and I
guess that's one of the things that I
feel that I can't let final goal
you